## Background Essay

I'm Javokhir, developer with 3 years of experience in coding, specializing in mobile app development
across various platforms.

My journey in the world of technology commenced at Tashkent University of Information Technology,
where I pursued a Bachelor's degree from 2018 to 2022. During my academic years, I was exposed to
various facets of computer science, laying a strong foundation for my future endeavors.

My coding odyssey began with Android app development in 2020. It was here that I found my passion
for crafting mobile applications that could make a meaningful impact on people's lives. The
ever-evolving Android ecosystem provided me with an exciting playground for exploration, and I
embraced it with enthusiasm.

In 2022, I decided to expand my horizons and ventured into iOS development. The allure of the Apple
ecosystem and the challenge of bridging the gap between Android and iOS intrigued me. This marked
the inception of a new chapter in my coding journey.

The idea for my project, **QR Master**, germinated from my fascination with QR codes and their
untapped potential. I envisioned a versatile mobile application that would serve as a one-stop
solution for QR code management. The motivation behind the project was to simplify the process of
working with QR codes, making it more user-friendly and efficient.

**QR Master** is not just another QR code scanner. It is a comprehensive Kotlin Multiplatform (KMP)
application that runs seamlessly on both Android and iOS devices. The app empowers users with the
ability to scan QR codes effortlessly using their device's camera. But it doesn't stop there. QR
Master also allows users to create custom QR codes with options for personalization, such as adding
colors and logos.

To bring this vision to life, I leveraged a range of cutting-edge technologies. Compose
Multiplatform enabled me to create a consistent and visually appealing user interface across Android
and iOS. SQLDelight facilitated efficient data management, ensuring a smooth user experience. Koin
served as the dependency injection framework, simplifying the codebase and promoting
maintainability.

Voyager, a navigation library, ensured a seamless flow within the app, while integrating Google and
Apple maps enhanced the location-based features. For Android's camera functionality, I harnessed the
power of CameraX, and for QR code scanning, I integrated MLKit Barcode scanner, ensuring accuracy
and speed.

This project encapsulates my journey from a curious university student to a passionate developer who
enjoys the challenge of building cross-platform solutions. It reflects my commitment to exploring
new technologies and my determination to create applications that make everyday tasks more
convenient.

In conclusion, **QR Master** is a testament to my educational background, my coding experience with
different technologies, and my unquenchable curiosity. It's a project born from the convergence of
Android and iOS development, united by the spirit of innovation and the desire to simplify the world
of QR codes.